let the ball quit straight until the
boy gerson crossing by vinícius um
pay and try to have a penalty kick
Fluminense Vinicius's favor seized
but it does the crossing in the direction of
vinicius let's see what the para did
There's a crash in what we'll see.
The closest camera at this time has a
push there but many may consider
this type of play normal contact of
set seven minutes from the first half of
penalty in favor of fluminense
authorizes sandro meira ricci fred e
inspires focus
fred hit the goal
the
is fond from fred from fred penalty shootout
celebrate thank the fluminense leaves in
front with the goal of his top scorer
fred second goal in the championship
fred Brazilian very calmly with
extreme category moving the paulo
Victor
usually he hits the right corner
fred in the left corner
Fluminense 1 Flamengo 0 Goal of fred
Carmona has a lot of frieza coldness
before the goalkeeper who gets much less
a year is very good at collecting
field and receives gerson beginnings
renato makes the overture the jazz heard
good ball for renato crossing for
fred goal
the
from fluminense
goal against Fluminense makes the second
the Fluminense makes 2 to 0 in the first time
in a well-worked play see one more
time the crossing would arrive in fred
Let's face it with maca
with second grid of the fluminense
once again renato at the intersection to
back
the goal of Flamengo and Fluminense 2 with the
The roger flowers spoke
Fluminense had no speed to
to go out on the counterattack gerson is a
so smart boy but in
counterpart are 67 percent ownership
flamingo ball
and there comes the flamengo with pablo armorer
put to run arrived on the line
background has crossing alecsandro
the
it's Flemish
aleksandr alecsandro marking his
thirty-second goal with the
Flamengo
For you the play arneiro has put to
run and precise on the bottom line botou
in the head of alecgol alecsandro 1
flamengo 2 fluminense or flamengo is on
game armero raised his head found
Alecsandro needs to win the head.
cavalieri
alexandro decreases ledio carmona great goal
in world cup side play
The gunsmith's beautiful move does not
speed and Fluminense having a
answer seeks the answer now with
vinícius great ball in the middle projesom there
come the boy came back in front dribbled
still gerson posed with fred
O
fred's profile page
fred completing a spectacular play
the boy jesus
fred makes the third see the throw in fact
Everything worked well started with vinícius
vinícius waiter miner the manager had
calm
fred finalizer scorer is goal of
Fluminense Fluminense three flamenco
every move for you
vinícius arrived in front of the month am
found the boy if the sun was calm and
category driblar miner played for
fred and fred made the third
roger flores
the
It's the flamenco eduardo da silva 's
Flemish makes the second
in the Chilean play a cross
eduardo da silva in the canton cavalieri
looked the Flemish makes the second
flamengo 2 fluminense 3 will have emotion
until the end
the Flemish came to the second goal Eduardo
da silva can therefore the Flemish was
smart to hit a quick side
Marcelo would not have been in good condition
now Rio Ederson is
scoring is because in such a pitch both
wagner how fred were totally
outside the marking line it is
waiting